to take hi knowledge of good again
and nicole and that is today
goulash stew quoted
that means then cares and what needs
we need a meager piece for that
meat I have here now in
pork but I can do it too
well presented with beef or
maybe even with a turkey roast
has a substantial part and is out of the question
brand then we need a vegetable
onions of paprika and plain sauerkraut
and then an impressive as
the potato come be the same
spiced , we did not meet salt davis
make beef pork and
this is not such a green sauce
We use our spice caste
you can see that you deserve it
end of the video so we use those
a lot of format free super thing looks
In any case, we need one
small twitch vegetable oil to saute
to put pepper marjoram and something
paprika powder is still a bit
water to liquid for their
support and as Thomas marx yes we
Now the ingredients and we do
our meat stew today
This is why we have that
Meat slightly cut and meat
to Asia potatoes and dad
a little bit bigger so it moved comparably
time I give now 2 2 teaspoons oil
in the pressure cooker I used for it
a real teaspoon measured the likes on
dearest for weight watchers
the admit bluejay already hot so
I'll have the meat right away
certain mediums do not use this
on 2.5
and meier
the trains come compensated missed
so
the fixed line movie to guess with
tackle
I go from the economy 2
and half a liter of liquid
expected
so the liquid is already costing a
little is it this comes to it
we're picking that out well
if sometimes it hangs in such a way
that I find my job quite serious
apart
That's why it's best in the cable
get out and a bit angry because
It just great thing to lose weight because
The whole place is scary long
is and you have not seen that so
I really care about our worries
accumulate
and now I have those on top
potatoes paprika and I will
do not do it anymore
then there was less power than meat
with the sauerkraut now the lid
it
that was actually already
we are waiting for the pressure
pressure cooker on the pot you can see
that their foundation is going but that is
always a little bit different
If you put pressure on it is five minutes
with true cooking then we will cook the cooker
off and then just still
let more people always say that
ten minutes another ten minutes then
then everything would have to be quite good
What I have to say is a pressure cooker
who does not have that course in
normal pot come no problem lasts
and then just wait longer until the
By no problem with the ingredients
pressure cooker because it makes you
may already during the kosovo war
clean up what I think it's nice cameras
not always but that I do not
It's steaming out, it's all
cleaner in the kitchen
we show how it looks now
the whole thing still needs to be touched and unmoved
be tasted
I still taste it with one
good pinch of sugar from today sauerkraut
The whole pot is a bit sour
probably even salt or a gang
What is not pure
It is always special when it comes to weight
watchers philosophy
if you make such a buzz who to
is it counted off somehow and are
There is so much to do with it and not
another slice of pohl export and the
vegetable cheese in it
yes, if it has please give us
again a dam break
and if you do not have any more in the future
want to fit in ours
because subscribe to our colors is finds
you here and more at this time with us
on the blog at least on every problem
if you liked it then write
us also a comment maybe something
you like to be a worldwide variant
would like to have cooked
yes, what should that do more now
next time